Update gdaltransform.rst -gcp example (#9862)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/programs/gdaltransform.rst

Ground control points
+++++++++++++++++++++

Task: find one address and assign another.
We pick Salt Lake City, where road names *are* their grid values.
We first establish some ground control points at road intersections.

> We'll use :option:`--optfile` for easy reuse of our GCPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll use :ref:`raster_common_options_optfile` for easy reuse of our GCPs.
```

> We'll use :ref:`raster_common_options_optfile` for easy reuse of our GCPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We'll use :ref:`--optfile <raster_common_options_optfile>` for easy reuse of our GCPs.
```
